OFFLINE_DOWNLOAD.md, before:

# Offline Download & Packaging

This project supports offline play via a prebuilt archive and an in-browser fallback.

## What the download button does
- Prefers the prebuilt archive `beyond-bell-offline.zip` at the project root.
- If the archive is unavailable, falls back to building a ZIP in-browser (JSZip) that includes the key files listed in `download.js` (HTML, JS, assets, server folder, docs).
- A service worker caches assets after the first load when served over `http/https` (not `file://`), enabling offline re-visits.

## Keeping the download up to date
When you want the latest changes (e.g., after editing `game.js`) to be downloadable via the button:
1) Rebuild the archive (from project root in PowerShell):
```
Remove-Item beyond-bell-offline.zip -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue; `
  $items = Get-ChildItem -Force | Where-Object { $_.Name -notin '.git' -and $_.Name -ne 'beyond-bell-offline.zip' }; `
  Compress-Archive -Path $items.FullName -DestinationPath beyond-bell-offline.zip -Force
```
2) Commit and push the updated `beyond-bell-offline.zip` along with your code changes.

## Notes
- If you add new files or folders that must be in the JSZip fallback, add them to `textFiles` / `binaryFiles` in `download.js`.
- The service worker does not affect the ZIP; it only caches assets for revisits.
- Running from `file://` can block the JSZip fallback fetches; use a local server (e.g., `start_server.ps1`) for the fallback path. The prebuilt ZIP download works regardless.***

Commit message:

docs: Add comprehensive documentation and update offline package
- Added all documentation files from C:\Docs to repository
- Updated download.js to include all markdown documentation files
- Updated sw.js service worker to cache all documentation
- Updated ARCHITECTURE.md with complete documentation index
- Rebuilt beyond-bell-offline.zip with all files included
- Removed generate_voices.html (no longer needed)
- Added package_offline.ps1 script for easy ZIP rebuilding

Documentation now includes:
- Game development guides (START_HERE, ARCHITECTURE, performance docs)
- Game systems (balance, stats, crafting, damage effects)
- Visual systems (ship visuals, characters, intro, interactive logo)
- Audio guides (implementation, resources, setup, conversion)
- Packaging & deployment (Electron, Steam, Netlify, offline)
- Website documentation (design, updates, deployment)

Download button now includes all documentation in ZIP package.

OFFLINE_DOWNLOAD.md, after:

# Offline Download & Packaging (minMain)

## What the download button does
- Prefers the prebuilt archive `beyond-bell-offline.zip` at this folder root.
- If the archive is missing, falls back to building a ZIP in-browser (JSZip) using the file lists in `download.js` (HTML/JS + audio assets).
- The service worker (`sw.js`) caches the same core assets after the first load when served over `http/https` (not `file://`).

## Keep the download up to date
Preferred: run `package_offline.ps1` (PowerShell) from anywhere; it uses the script path to package the current `minMain` contents.

Manual fallback (from `C:\AMD\minMain` in PowerShell):
```
Remove-Item beyond-bell-offline.zip -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue;
$items = Get-ChildItem -Force | Where-Object { $_.Name -notin '.git','beyond-bell-offline.zip' };
Compress-Archive -Path $items.FullName -DestinationPath beyond-bell-offline.zip -Force
```

## When you add files
- Add new text assets to `textFiles` and binaries to `binaryFiles` in `download.js` so the fallback ZIP includes them.
- Add the same assets to `ASSETS` in `sw.js` if you want them cached for offline play.
- Rebuild `beyond-bell-offline.zip` after changes so the prebuilt download matches this folder’s contents.
